{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13500\viewh13320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Iteration 3\
\
Harmony, melody, and lyrics repeat appropriately across sections. Otherwise new content is generated.\
Segments are clearly labeled with bar lines and a italicized, bold text label\
Accidentals now show up\
Chord names now show up correctly\
Chord progressions are learned from data\
Shortened segments to more easily see patterns between them\
Cleaned up page setup a lot and fixed inconsistencies with MusicXML spec to be compatible with MuseScore\
\
Iteration 4\
\
Bass note wasn\'92t being played - fixed\
Melody pitches are learned from data, but not yet dependent on harmony\
Chords and pitches are normalized\
Made stems go down if above a certain pitch\
\
Iteration 5\
\
melody duration is learned from data, is dependent on both position and on the previous duration. This may not be robust. Have to see\'85\
\
Iteration 6\
\
The melody durations being learned from data turn out to be robust. I\'92d thought that for some reason it wouldn\'92t be but it is. It\'92s sort of like HMMs, but I think it\'92s somehow different. All the ties are showing up and durations that cross measure boundaries. Durations are sampled from a distribution that is conditioned on the measure position (and by extension also the time signature) and the previous note duration. This gives pretty reasonable note durations.\
\
Next iterations:\
Have melody pitch dependent on the harmony\
Have all models segment dependent\
Improved lyrical template selection\
Pick a better voice\
\
To come:\
Have harmony not just at beginning of each measure\
Add chord and melody constraints\
Add rhyme constraints\
Handle NoteTimeModification\
Increase order of MarkovModel\
Make it HMM\
Smooth melody between measures\
Figure out better solution for length for sampling melody pitch sequence\
}